ABC Routine (#1413)
pints-team/pints: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Added

> - [#1413](https://github.com/pints-team/pints/pull/1413) Added classes `pints.ABCController` and `pints.ABCSampler` for the Approximate Bayesian Inference sampling algorithms. Added `pints.RejectionABC` which implements a simple rejection ABC sampling algorithm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#1413](https://github.com/pints-team/pints/pull/1413) Added classes `pints.ABCController` and `pints.ABCSampler` for Approximate Bayesian computation (ABC) samplers. Added `pints.RejectionABC` which implements a simple rejection ABC sampling algorithm.
```
